Graphiql 3.0.5 (#3031)
strawberry-graphql/strawberry: RELEASE.md

> Release type: patch
> 
> Update the built-in GraphiQL to the current latest version 3.0.5.
> 
> Update React to the current latest version 18.2.0 and use the production distribution instead of development to reduce bundle size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Release type: patch

This release updates the built-in GraphiQL to the current latest version (3.0.5), it also updates React to the current latest version (18.2.0) and uses the production distribution instead of development to reduce bundle size.
```
